Data Analysis and Data Visualization final 022
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

I do keep practice when writing code in any programing language,  Following a consistent coding style can make our code more readable and easier to understand and specially make sure part of coding styles uses proper spacing and indenting. When code is formatted consistently, it is easier to understand. Always try to stick to a single casing

Then Make sure to add comments and documentation effectively comments, and documentation are essential for making your code more maintainable over time. Comments should be used sparingly and only when necessary to explain complex or obscure code. On the other hand, documentation should be comprehensive and provide clear instructions on using and maintaining the codebase. Comments should dispel confusion, not cause it, Explain unidiomatic code in comments. We should provide links to the original source of copied code, include links to external references where they will be most helpful. Add comments when fixing bugs.
Finally testing the code rigorously continuously testing your code rigorously ensures it is clean, maintainable, and bug-free. Test-driven development (TDD) is a popular approach that involves writing tests before writing the actual code, which can help ensure that your code is testable, modular, and maintainable. Create precise tests: Create exact unit tests to verify that it compiles, can execute, and the functionality of specific features. Refactor the Code: Once the test runs successfully, check for redundancy or any possible code optimizations to enhance overall performance.


How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

Future projects, Development cycle depend on projects’ requirements and companies’ available technical resources.  database and  business intelligence analytical software applications, I have completed few other projects using different database and data visualization business intelligence  software and data analytics software tableau it’s a not difficult task  compared to Mongo DB, in tableau allow quick process to upload any type of a data types ,once upload the data set then  we can drill down, manipulate the data also do write sum functions to aggregate the data ,also  data  in many ways drag and drop writing few simple codes the we can share the data analytics reports in the dash board ,but in mongo db ,but here in this project   writing CRUD  queries in python  it time consuming and most of the time minor errors wont execute the codes , uploading files was quite difficult in the first time because of  name convention and case sensitive ,once I did many attempts then it became very smooth coding ,now I have proper knowledge about MONGO db ,Python CRUD functions and queries and data visualization in jupyter notebook

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Best approach is to use different methods of data analysis clients will get real time inside of information , Most of the business decisions are made with data driven decisions according, there are few types of data analysis help business like  Graziso with   Descriptive analytics Analyzes historical data to understand what happened in the past. Descriptive analytics is often used in reporting, such as annual revenue reports, and is often displayed using visual data representations like charts. 
Informed decisions: DDDM can help businesses make informed decisions that ensure they remain competitive, relevant, Real-time insights: DDDM can help businesses generate real-time insights and predictions. Optimized performance: DDDM can help businesses optimize performance. 
Predictive analytics Uses advanced modeling techniques to forecast future outcomes. Predictive analytics can help businesses decide whether to stick with their current path or make a shift. 

